InputControl: Fix text direction for URL and email fields in block editor for RTL languages (#68188)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/CHANGELOG.md

-   `BoxControl`: Better respect for the `min` prop in the Range Slider ([#67819](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/67819)).
-   `FontSizePicker`: Add `display:contents` rule to fix overflowing text in the custom size select. ([#68280](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/68280)).
-   `BoxControl`: Fix aria-valuetext value ([#68362](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/68362)).

> -   `InputControl`: Ensures email and url inputs have consistent LTR alignment in RTL languages ([#65893](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues/65893)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `InputControl`: Ensures email and url inputs have consistent LTR alignment in RTL languages ([#68188](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/68188)).
```

This must be the pull request number, not the issue number.

Reviewer 2: In addition to that, it needs to be put under the "Unreleased" section, instead of under an already released one.

Reviewer: @im3dabasia 

It would be a good idea to add a Bug Fixes section under the Unreleased section and add an entry there. Like this:

```md
<!-- Learn how to maintain this file at https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/HEAD/packages#maintaining-changelogs. -->

## Unreleased

### Bug Fixes

-   `InputControl`: Ensures email and url inputs have consistent LTR alignment in RTL languages ([#68188](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/68188)).

## 29.1.0 (2025-01-02)
```

Author: @tyxla and @t-hamano ,
Thank you for the guidance; I appreciate it!

-   `BoxControl`: Better respect for the `min` prop in the Range Slider ([#67819](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/67819)).
-   `FontSizePicker`: Add `display:contents` rule to fix overflowing text in the custom size select. ([#68280](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/68280)).
-   `BoxControl`: Fix aria-valuetext value ([#68362](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/68362)).

> -   `InputControl`: Ensures email and url inputs have consistent LTR alignment in RTL languages ([#68188](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/68188)).

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the trouble, but we can now remove this one now that it's included in the "Unreleased" section.

```suggestion
```

Author: @tyxla , Fixed it . Thank you for the quick review!
